# When Never meets Everything Forever ignoring Nothing

## Once upon a time when Never was trying to understand Everything walking with Forever on his pathway ignoring Nothing. When Everything saw Never, he said that Forever was ignoring Nothing, and Nothing was always in the Past. That was a sad time for Everything to send Never back to where he could find Nothing, and for Nothing Never would understand Everything.

An old man once has questioned for his entire life what was its purpose. He had pretty much everything he could have in his life. He worked hard, had a small group of friends, but he had something missing, love, the Nothing that moves us forward.

Life, as funny as she can be, gave him a glance of Everything almost Forever in his life, however life was also trying to make him understand Nothing.

Nothing as a spirit of Love is carried by those who have only love to give, no more, nor less. The old man had no idea of what Love was, for his life was always filled with ambitions, anguish, anxiety and despair to arrive Nowhere.

Until one day, in his big house, living alone with a big garden and several material objects he got in his life, he was facing Death as she could show herself to him.

-	Death: Hi old man, I have a message from Everything for you.
-	Old man: Hi, who are you?
-	I am Nothing sent by Everything and Forever for all living things who Never met Nothing.

He was in shock, as he was old and confused. He couldn’t understand what Death had to explain to him in life.

-	Old man: Does God exist?
-	Death: Yes, he does exist.
-	Old man: Why he didn’t show him self to me in my entire life, I was challenging him to show himself to me.
-	Death: He showed himself almost every time for you, but you ignored him for Nothing.

For this long road the old man has seen Nothing a few times, but he ignored. Reason why Death was showing him the pathway. It would be useless, as Death would make him forget every step of his life sending him to Nowhere again so he could start all over.

-	Death: do you remember when you were young, and a little boy wanted to play with you and got ignored for your selfish personality? I was there with the little boy.

-	Old man: but the little boy had no social status to play with me, so I didn’t think he deserved my attention.
-	Death: oh, that’s now a big problem, your Pride led you to ignore the little boy that could be a good friend at that age.
-	Old man: no way.
-	Death: do you remember when you are a teenager and you met a beautiful lady, you asked God so she could be your wife?
-	Old man: yes, I married her and had a pitiful life, she was complaining about Nothing all the time.
-	Death: see? Nothing again, and you ignored. Let’s try again.
-	Old man: I don’t get it, please show me…
-	Death: another example. An employee from your factory was asking a salary increase, he wanted to give his family a Christmas dinner.
-	Old man: But that is Nothing, who would want a Christmas dinner if god doesn’t even exist?
-	Death: Well, I bet you didn’t understand by then what is Nothing. Por old man… you are doomed by your own certainty.
-	Old man: I got a big farm, a big factory, I have enough money for generations…
-	Death: and still don’t understand Nothing.
-	Old man: What is Nothing then, tell me please?
-	Death: Remember that old man that was here last week, he was asking you to help his family by giving him a low money in cash so he could give his little daughter a present. You completely ignored him, remember?
-	Old man: But that is Nothing.

The conversation went on and on by Death trying to explain the old man that Nothing is in Everything. And depending on what you think, Nothing is the only thing people can give you when they only have Nothing.
-	Death: You see again? You ignored Nothing again…
-	Old man: What do you mean?
-	Death: Your time has to come to return to Nothingland, for you that wanted Everything and Never knew Nothing, you are doomed by Forever to find Nothing.

The old man have died sad knowing that he missed Nothing in his life.
