# When the Light was given to Never

Once upon a time Never and Nothing had an alliance with Forever and
Everything to give life a new being as Present, showing him what is
Presence and in the land of life as it's known.

Ocean's mother and father are Forever Everything and everything for him,
their stories sum to Ocean's Nothingness, Foreverness and
Everythingness.

Ocean's father is a strong man, his ascendants origins from his homeland
founders, people from Ocean's family say they were indigens, in another
word, ancient people that used to live on that land. He had a big family
with at least 7 or 8 siblings.

Ocean's mother is a beautiful little lady with very strong heart,
wishing to have a better life for her siblings and parents.

They both had a happy meeting, and funny... Ocean's always laugh when he
remembers the way his mother used to talk about his father.

-   Tchesca: Your father was a young lad, not very handsome and had a
    funky style.

-   Ocean's: Mom, but if he was not handsome, what did you see on him?

-   Tchesca: I saw Everything, an opportunity to live a love story and
    travel the world collecting resources to help your grandmothers and
    grandfathers.

-   Ocean's: But he had a funky style.

-   Tchesca: Inside a man's heart there is more than what the body
    shows.

They engaged way back in the past to marry and led a long love story
that lasts Forever. They had two girls before Ocean, as funny as it
seems, 3 years of difference between all of them... From the oldest, 3
years to the middle and 3 years till Ocean.

All of them deserve a long story, but for now it's about Ocean's coming
to life. I don't know much before Ocean was five.

It was a night of storm

Once Josef said to Ocean that he was a naughty boy, biting and hitting
everything and everyone around him. Since Ocean was a baby, he was also
spoiled, he wanted everything, and if it was denied, he would cause
enormous mess... not even his mother would calm him if he meant to have
something.

Another time Tchesca said to Ocean that he is everything for the family,
the carrier, and the giver. For his childhood he got both Tchesca's and
Josef's personalities. A little bit of anxiety and a little bit of
patience.

The main Ocean's characteristics is about timing of things, and
frustration when the things doesn't happen when he plans. However, since
he was a kid he knew that everything happens for a given purpose. He
never quit believing in something bigger than Everything that anyone can
imagine.

The architect of the reality as it is.
