# Everything asked Never to seek Nothing but Love

#### Once upon a time Never was alone in his Neverness, Everything sent a message all over the realm to Never asking him do seek Love, the greater Nothing to be filled.

Ocean's mother, Tchesca, is really a big Everything from Nothing. Her
beliefs are so strong that she doesn't fear Nothing, for Nothing we came
to seek Love in the path of Everything.

To be clearer, Tchesca believes in God and the good days of the Present,
she says that we live by God's love, and our mistakes are at God's
mercy. Her prayers are always submissive to God, but strong enough to
carry over energy all over the realm of God, or at least it's how I
fell.

Ocean's childhood was a bit confusing in terms of religion, Tchesca
always forced him and his siblings to follow the path of the Catholic
Church, denying any force that is against God and Christ... she was so
right, not only by the matter, but by the path she took on the roads of
Faith.

Among her siblings and parents, her mother was also very faithful. I bet
Tchesca has such unbreakable faith due to the Nothingness of Love. She
always claims, God is Love, mistakes are there to be part of redemption
path.

Well, yeah, if you have pure heart, your mistakes can't be judged, only
fixed. You can hear complaints about mistakes, but most of them are made
to help on your improvements. Ocean's raising wasn't different, however
Tchesca had a very careful way of teaching things to her little boy
Ocean.

-   Tchesca: choose the path of the truth, be honest, be good, be kind
    and be thankful.

-   Ocean: but mom, how can I choose the path of truth if sometimes we
    must lie for our own protection.

-   Tchesca: a lie has short legs, truth walks longer.

-   Ocean: I don't understand mom.

-   Tchesca: A lie is always a lie, the truth is always truth and will
    always succeed, no matter the situation.

Until then Ocean didn't know what that meant, but now he has a quite
large gem of truth on his heart. The truth can't be destroyed, no matter
how hard you try... a big lie will be easily destroyed by a very small
truth.

That was when Ocean realized that the Love will outstand above
everything with the force of the truth and a pure heart.
