# When Forever found Never

Once upon a time when Never was alone and missing something, Forever was
also alone looking for something. Forever found Never in a stream and
proposed to live together a life of adventure.

Ocean worked in an Advocacy Office as trainee, it wasn't his passion at
first, but he loved to work on that office for the people around him. He
was always telling stories and writing poems about Nothing and
Everything at that office for the people to hear. Some were lies, some
were truths, but most of the were from heart and believing in love.

Back then it was the golden age of the Internet, an online network for
computers where people used to chat, browse topics online and make
online business.

Ocean had a dating profile in a website called Perfect Match, where he
found a few matches that didn't went very well, until one day.

Cielo was trying to find a good partner after a broken relationship with
someone. Cielo found ocean with a quite fake picture of blue eyes, but
still he liked Ocean's profile.

The big question mark was that Cielo had no picture, and of course at
that time people would like to see pictures of the match person before
getting into real date.

Uncertain of the success, Ocean went to a date with Cielo in a bus
terminal nearby their houses. Well, they used to live close-by and never
met before. Probably they did once and there in a common bus, but never
paid attention to each other.

Ocean was wearing a ¾ sleeve shirt, making him look like Freddy Krueger,
he was anxiously waiting Cielo to walk up the stairs to the above
pavement of the station, where they could have a drink and meet
each-other.

Cielo was late, quite his Forever characteristics. He was well dressed
with a shirt that seemed to be pressed in a bottle, but the look was
cute anyway.

They talked a lot about relationships, what they seek, what they want...

-   Ocean: Perfect, he also smokes.

-   Cielo: Well, since I was 17.

-   Ocean: At least we won't fight for cigars.

The conversation went on and Ocean was telling stories, lie or truth, it
was about dreams to live around the world travelling. A dream
transferred from his mother and father.

Ocean was a bit voluptuous, reason why he wanted to go straight to
direct sex contact, but Cielo wanted to go for more conversation instead
of direct contact straight, he didn't want to spoil the magic of the
"dating first".

Cielo ordered coco nut water and started listening to Ocean's water
talks... he seemed to be enchanted, Ocean felt that magic too.

So they saved both contacts and they decided to meet again later next
week.
