# Never thought to be carried to Nowhere

Once upon a time that an empty land was waiting Forever, but Never came
to this place called Nowhere, where he started to think about it as
Somewhere near the middle of Something in the realm of Everything.

Nurses, doctors, and cops came over to help Ocean's psychotic outbreak.
He couldn't remember anything but a very strange paramedic in the
ambulance doing strange things with the hands. He was pretending he was
asleep but opening just a small bit of the eye to look around, fearful,
sad, and helpless.

He couldn't recognize time and place, his name, oh well he couldn't
remember neither. The only thing he could remember was his mantra of
gratitude: *Thank God for everything*.

He was placed in a room alone with a camera... time when he thought he
was being observed by an evil mind to take his mystic power. What power
was that? Only God knows. Also, only God knows what is going through a
psychotic mind.

I think that your reality reflects what you think what is "real". Losing
your mind is easy when you are under heavy pressure, and the pressure
Ocean was living was a bit tough. He quite lost sense of everything
around him thinking he could die at any moment. He didn't fear death, he
only fears inexistence.

He thought that place was in the middle of Nowhere, and by the time came
a few men in groups of three. He couldn't talk or understand what said.
He was so desperate that he couldn't think about anything besides the
gratitude of having that as his last moment.

On the first room he only saw a few small couches an orange curtain
where he would sit and hide from the crew of that place. The crew showed
up a few times before Cielo arrived. Ocean was afraid of Cielo, and
deeply he thought about Cielo, but that man there wasn't real, it was
just Ocean's imagination, due to the psychosis.

Por Cielo didn't know what to do, and poor Ocean didn't know what to
think. Ocean was asking Cielo to as forgiveness for something he didn't
know, Cielo replied that he should concentrate and stop overthinking and
start to focus on the reality.

Cielo couldn't help Ocean to get back his sanity, Ocean was out of
control feeling to be a prisoner of the reality he created on his head.
The doctors and paramedics asked Cielo to leave Ocean alone as they
thought his psychosis would escalate to a dangerous phase.

Ocean was left alone in the middle of the nowhere he didn't know where
it was located.
