# For Never and For Forever, Somewhere was making sense out of Nowhere

Once upon a time when Never and Forever thought to meet again in the
Present, it wouldn't matter where they both had to be side by side,
regardless of the distance they would always think about each other.

During the day, Ocean was feeling bad, waiting for his partner to visit
him, however he was afraid of harming Cielo. The first day Cielo
couldn't think on a way to help Ocean, he would always visit his beloved
one.

Early in the morning, ocean asked for a cigarette to the old black man,
with him he spent some time on the clinic's balcony. They didn't say a
word but seemed to understand each other. The old man only could say
*blab blab Cuba*.

Cielo and Ocean were followed by a doctor and a nurse to see how Ocean's
behavior was. Apparently Ocean was recovering, but he was still afraid
of the surgery he would be submitted to.

-   Doctor: who are you and when is it.

-   Ocean: I don't know who and how.

-   Cielo: Are you sure honey, don't you remember what happened.

-   Ocean: No.

-   Doctor: let's keep him another night here and see how he does.

-   Cielo: Ok. (sigh with sadness)

As the morning was over, Cielo left Ocean on the clinic to be treated. A
place where he could stay alone, have visions, and overthink about
Everything and Nothing, waiting for that day to become night.

As the night has fallen, Ocean was walking around the corridors of the
clinic. He saw several people being treated, some new, some 'the same',
but still the black old man saying the same things. Cielo was back to
see how Ocean was doing. Both Cielo and Ocean had dinner with a group of
people that were being treated in the clinic. When suddenly an Italian
man started to freak out and shout in Italian. That man didn't mean
anything bad, just a way of thinking probably infected by abuse of
drugs. I don't even bother remembering what he said.

After the dinner, Cielo, Ocean and the black old man had a cigarette
together. That black old man gave some sort of meaning for the clinic
stay for both Ocean and Cielo. A sudden experience, smoking a cigarette,
talking about Nothing by saying Anything.
