# When Never lost control

#### *Once upon a time when Never was feeling sad and fear Forever helped him a bit to get in control, however the reality as it seems plays a role to send a lot of Nothing and Everything to confuse Never mind.*

Ocean woke up on a very tough day, he was supposed to have a surgery on
his broken foot. He was terrified as he didn't like surgery, but he
would be admitted to the hospital anyway, even if he didn't like it.

The day started a bit strange, the night before this happening, Nadia
came to Ocean's house for a quick visit. Ocean was a bit out of control,
praying a lot and thanksgiving to everything and nothing... well he was
afraid of death on the surgery bed, so what.

Ocean was feeling seasick, headache and tingling all over his body. He
could remind this sensation, but it was like never before. He started
taking deep breaths in and exhaling slowly, but it seemed not to work to
reduce the anxiety.

Cielo wanted to bring him for a walk around the neighbourhood. I am not
sure when and how, Ocean started to have visions of an apocalypse
running down fire around him in the city. It was probably some sort of
side effects of his anxiety with the psychosis he started to feel.

In his visions he had some sort of nightmare as he was awake. He felt
the cold day turn into very warm, like the Earth was getting closer to
the sun. The sky seemed to be painted in dark orange.

At that time there was a terrifying war between Russia and Ukraine,
which caused too much harm to people peace, world economy, anxiety to an
enormous amount of people. This sudden war was also a point of stress,
as he fears war since he was a kid.

His sense of thoughts was so disturbed that he could see his family in a
big religious cortege, singing and praying. That vision made him tremble
and fear for people safety.

He wanted to go back home and sit on the balcony sofa. Cielo wanted him
to stay quiet and safe, but the psychosis couldn't go down... he was
turning on and off the TV. Ocean was afraid of dying, he couldn't
concentrate in the reality. Several hallucinations were crossing his
mind, until the last thing he remember... he though he was the
incarnation of a black cupid, an ancient Roman god of love. He couldn't
think about anything else.

The hallucination made him think that he would thank Everything for
Nothing. And this Nothing wasn't clear what was it about. His vision was
spiralized inwards, he was afraid to take the last breath and throw last
cupid arrow and die after it.

No help could be better than Nadia and Tulio arriving at his house and
help Cielo to contain Ocean's agitation. Tulio called the ambulance,
Nadia and Cielo were holding Ocean hard, until the moment the ambulance
arrived.

Ocean collapsed and slept...
