# When Never fights Foreverver for Nothing and Everything

*Once upon a Time when Never was missing Nothing, asking Forever to
forgive Nothing for Everything, for Never had already forgiven Nothing,
for Nothing.*

Ocean is a black hair lad, with anxiety as his main characteristics,
living in an apartment in Amsterdam facing the IJmeer. He lives far away
from his homeland, which lies on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean,
his big family live. He is married with Cielo, a very patient man, with
brown hair, light beard and angelical smile. Cielo is a strong man, with
a small family but with big heart. They love each other like Ever loves
Never.

Cielo and Ocean were friends Nadia for a very long time ago, who was
also born on the same homeland with crossed roads to the lands they are
living now. Nadia had a small family, with several problems and lack of
support for her raising. She had a strong friend relationship with Cielo
and Ocean. She is engaged with Tulio, a man that works on the post
office of his homeland.

The two couples used to be friends for a good period, but for Nothing
they fought to be separated. This fight, perhaps meaningless, created an
enormous grief atmosphere between the four of them. Tulio and Ocean
never understood why so much anger about Nothing.

They barely crossed each other, and even when they crossed, they didn't
even share an eye blink. It was just sad for Ocean to see such long
friendship be shattered for basically Nothing.

Ocean had problems sleeping in the evening, and every night he wakes up
having dreams about family, friends, his partner and the Galaxy... well,
his mind is super accelerated, causing him to have several ideas for the
same thing on different perspectives.

After several sleepless nights, Ocean was always trying to accept the
fact that the friendship with Nadia and Tulio was over, but he couldn't
accept such fact because they were friends for so long, and for Nothing
they fought, and for Nothing they had to accept each other back. This is
because ocean Always believe in greater Good, it doesn't matter what is
happening, the greater good will always reveal itself.

On a specific night he was dreaming about lottery, a way to make good
easy money. However, lottery was a failure all the times he tried. He
remembered that Nadia was really annoyed about the lack of resources
life she thought she had... of course, she didn't work, was heavily
dependent on Tulio's income.

Ocean and Cielo weren't bad in resources, reason why Cielo was trying to
find a job opportunity. That was a very pleasant and difficult part of
Ocean and Cielo lives. Still, the lack of money made them have a
peaceful life, with minor worries about the next moth bills.

Ocean was suffering from a mind disorder, having a flux of time in
between past, present and future. His mind was locked down in a loop
with negative and positive thoughts. Reason why he wanted back his
friends as they were key to fix his psychosis, or at least it was what
he thought. He thinks that Everything happens for a reason, and people
should never fight for Nothing, for Nothing love is to be filled in
direction to Everything the Time must provide.

He strongly believed that his friendship was a present from God, with
Hopes for Everything, Despair for Nothing, with time coming from Ever
and Never rolling out the wheel of time. However, he thought he had such
power from God, but also a tilted human mind. He was afraid of
inexistence, for the existence was solid a solid concept he had as he
believes in eternal life.

Ocean's mind was very organized back in past but had anxiety disorder
and accelerated thoughts tending to lead to the ultimate positive bit of
the reality. He had several visions of several alternatives of the
reality just by overthinking a way to get his friends back.

At first, he thought of winning the lottery, practicing words of
gratitude around the neighborhood. Then he had the idea to write down on
a paper some random lottery number, like his birthday, Cielo's Birthday,
Cielo's deceased Father's birthday, Tulio's deceased father's
birthday...

He drew everything with a 4 crossing hearts, and was anxiously willing
to visit his friends, that was when Cielo shouted:

-   Cielo: No way I am getting back those friends who hurt you so much.

-   Ocean: But you got to understand that Nadia is willing too, but she
    is stupidly proud enough to say "forgive me".

-   Cielo: So it's their problem, not yours.

Ocean was even more sad about the situation, then he started to argue
against Cielo. They fought a little bit then they decided to visit the
old friends.

Ocean had a broken leg from a week ago party venue with another couple
of friends... still he didn't care about what Nadia and Tulio would say.
He didn't want to seek help, but he didn't want to be helpless anyway.
The only thing he had in mind was fixing the broken friendship once and
for all.

As a favor, Ocean asked Cielo to guide him using the wheelchair all the
way down to Nadia's and Tulio's apartment.

Ocean was anxious, trembling and having several multi-dimensional
possibilities of thoughts. At first, he was welcome by Nadia and Tulio,
which seemed to never have a fight in the past. On a second moment,
Cielo was trying to keep Ocean's mind in this reality, to say simple
daily things... yes Ocean's mind is very fertile and easily goes away to
several dimensions of his reality by just a blink of an eye.

As they were already together, they walked to Nadia's living room.
Nadia's living room was composed by a big white leather sofa in L shape,
in front of it a small glass tea table. A TV cast in front of the sofa
with a TV, a sound box and several pictures of Nadia and Tulio. On the
back of the sofa was placed the dining table and the kitchen facilities.
The apartment was quite like Ocean's apartment, as they were in the same
building. They also had two glass windows wall height, length sized
facing the back street with view of the Pampuslaan and the buildings on
the back.

Arriving on the living room, Nadia took a sit on the sofa facing the
small glass table. On the right side of her, Cielo took a sit facing the
TV, Tulio was preparing tee on the kitchen, then Ocean took a site on
the right side of Cielo.

Ocean was very anxious, paying no attention of what the others were
talking about. The only thing he had in mind is to get 2 missing lottery
numbers from Nadia and Tulio. He was so euphoric that he would not start
talking about daily stuff until he got all the information. He asked
Nadia for a random number to cast, and Tulio as asked to provide the day
his deceased father was born.

After writing down the lottery game, he tried to interact, but he had a
lack of focus, probably due to the anxiety... anyway he could talk a
bit, he was quite depressed, but still feeling enormous flux of energy.
When the little cat, Nadia's pet, was jumping and playing with him. Yes,
Ocean believes the cats are powerful animals and somehow, they have a
huge impact on the natural life flow.

After the quick "let's forget it all" meeting, Tulio invited Ocean and
Cielo to have dinner at his house. The rest of the day Cielo and Ocean
organized the house, did the laundry and watched series on TV.

Once the night fell, Ocean was anxious to visit Nadia and Tulio, Cielo
asked him patience, it would happen anyway. Ocean and Cielo prepared the
things to go down to Tulio's, when Ocean started to tremble in happiness
hype.

The dinner went on, Tulio served amazing hamburgers, Nadia offered nice
starters, Cielo and Ocean felt good and happy.

And this was the present moment of the broken relationship was fixed.
